Create Sym Integration Tile (#2058)
DataDog/integrations-extras: sym/README.md

# Sym Log Destination

## Overview

> Sym is a platform for defining simple automations that turn just-in-time access policies into easy-to-operate workflows, executed in Slack. Define access flows in Terraform, customize and integrate with other systems in code, and then use our API or Slack App to request and approve/deny access. Simple!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sym][1] is a platform for defining simple automations that turn just-in-time access policies into easy-to-operate workflows, executed in Slack. Define access flows in Terraform, customize and integrate with other systems in code, and then use our API or Slack App to request and approve/deny access. Simple!
```

> Sym is a platform for defining simple automations that turn just-in-time access policies into easy-to-operate workflows, executed in Slack. Define access flows in Terraform, customize and integrate with other systems in code, and then use our API or Slack App to request and approve/deny access. Simple!
> 
> This integration enables customers to send Sym audit logs directly to Datadog via a Sym Log Destination. 
> These logs are sent in real time for every Event processed by the Sym platform, such as `request` or `approve`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sym is a platform that allows you to define simple automations that turn just-in-time access policies into easy-to-operate workflows, executed in Slack. Define access flows in Terraform, customize and integrate with other systems in code, and then use our API or Slack App to request and approve/deny access.

This integration enables customers to send Sym audit logs directly to Datadog via a Sym Log Destination. 

These logs are sent in real time for every event processed by the Sym platform, such as `request` or `approve`.
```

## Setup

### Installation

> To set up the Sym integration:
> 1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page](https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations) and click on the Sym tile.
> 2. Click on "Install Integration".
> 3. Datadog will redirect you to Sym to begin the OAuth authorization flow. Enter your Sym Org ID here to continue to log in to Sym.
> 4. After authenticating, Sym will redirect you to Datadog to authorize Sym with the `api_keys_write` scope. After you authorize Sym, Sym will create an API Key in your Datadog organization, which will be used to send logs to Datadog directly.
> 5. If Sym successfully connects with Datadog, a `sym_log_destination` Terraform resource will be displayed that should be copied into your Sym Terraform Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the Sym Datadog Integration tile, click on "Connect Accounts".
2. Datadog will redirect you to Sym to begin the OAuth authorization flow. Enter your Sym Org ID here to continue to log in to Sym.
3. After successfully authenticating, a `sym_log_destination` Terraform resource will display. Copy and paste this into your Sym Terraform Configuration.
```

Every single step isn't needed. I shortened the instructions to be clearer and more direct.

### Configuration

> Check out the [Sym Docs](https://docs.symops.com/docs/datadog) for detailed instructions on how to configure your Datadog Log Destination in Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [Sym Docs][3] for detailed instructions on how to configure your Datadog Log Destination in Terraform.
```

### Validation

After you have Terraformed your Datadog Log Destination, you can confirm its existence with:
```
 symflow resources list sym_log_destination

> ```

Reviewer: Where does one check this?

Author: Sym customers have access to a `symflow` CLI, which can be used to verify their Sym resources:

https://docs.symops.com/docs/manage-resources

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact us at support@symops.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact us at [support@symops.com][2].

[1]: https://symops.com/
[2]: mailto:support@symops.com
[3]: https://docs.symops.com/docs/datadog

```

# Sym Log Destination

## Overview

> [Sym][1] is a platform that allows you to define simple automations that turn just-in-time access policies into easy-to-operate workflows, executed in Slack. Define access flows in Terraform, customize and integrate with other systems in code, and then use our API or Slack App to request and approve/deny access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Sym][1] is a platform that allows you to define simple automations that turn just-in-time access policies into easy-to-operate workflows, executed in Slack. Define access flows in Terraform, customize and integrate with other systems in code, and use our API or Slack App to request and approve/deny access.
```

> This integration enables customers to send Sym audit logs directly to Datadog via a Sym Log Destination. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration enables customers to send Sym audit logs directly to Datadog using a Sym Log Destination. 
```

These logs are sent in real time for every event processed by the Sym platform, such as `request` or `approve`.

## Setup

### Installation

To set up the Sym integration:
1. From the Sym Datadog Integration tile, click on "Connect Accounts".
2. Datadog will redirect you to Sym to begin the OAuth authorization flow. Enter your Sym Org ID here to continue to log in to Sym.

> 3. After successfully authenticating, a `sym_log_destination` Terraform resource will display. Copy and paste this into your Sym Terraform Configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. After successfully authorizing, a `sym_log_destination` Terraform resource will display. Copy and paste this into your Sym Terraform Configuration.
```

### Configuration

> Check out the [Sym Docs][3] for detailed instructions on how to configure your Datadog Log Destination in Terraform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about configuring your Datadog Log Destination in Terraform, see the [Sym documentation][3].
```

### Validation

> After you have Terraformed your Datadog Log Destination, you can confirm its existence with:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you have Terraformed your Datadog Log Destination, you can confirm its existence with the following command in your `symflow` CLI:
```

```
 symflow resources list sym_log_destination
```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer 3: Please also add a `## Uninstallation` section here, as mentioned in [this part of the documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/oauth_for_integrations/#publish-the-oauth-client).

This integration enables customers to send Sym audit logs directly to Datadog using a Sym Log Destination. 

These logs are sent in real time for every event processed by the Sym platform, such as `request` or `approve`.

## Setup

### Installation

To set up the Sym integration:
1. From the Sym Datadog Integration tile, click on "Connect Accounts".
2. Datadog will redirect you to Sym to begin the OAuth authorization flow. Enter your Sym Org ID here to continue to log in to Sym.
3. After successfully authorizing, a `sym_log_destination` Terraform resource will display. Copy and paste this into your Sym Terraform Configuration.

### Configuration

For more information about configuring your Datadog Log Destination in Terraform, see the [Sym documentation][3].

### Validation

After you have Terraformed your Datadog Log Destination, you can confirm its existence with the following `symflow` CLI command:
```
 symflow resources list sym_log_destination
```

> ### Uninstallation
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Uninstallation

```

> - Uninstall the integration by disabling the Sym application in the OAuth Apps section of your Datadog Organization settings.

Reviewer 3: The recommended flow to uninstall is for users to click the Uninstall button on the integration tile
